chore: update readme to clarify contracts and give examples (#214)
influxdata/openapi: README.md

## How to use:

#### Prologue:

From swagger, client *libraries* can be generated. From client libraries, generated or not, client *applications* can be created. This repository, specifically the [`contracts`](./contracts/) directory, contains swagger definitions to generate client libraries. In go, there is a standard library that is made up of a plethora of smaller more granularly defined libraries. The contracts in this repo allow consumers to generate granular libraries so user's don't have to import an entire library, when they only care about a portion of the utility.

It is intended that an individual client library is generated for each service defined. Cloud/oss definitions are the exception because we wanted to postpone splitting up those definitions into the bits that make them up in order to avoid breaking existing functionality. As this repository gains adoption, we would like to break subsets of the cloud/oss definitions into more granular ones - some examples of these granular services are query, write, and tasks.

> These more specialized swagger definitions (similar to the `datasourcesd`, `mapsd`, and `managed-functions` definitions), will allow the creation of granular libraries. The creation of more granular client libraries will allow developers to avoid bloat in their applications while still preserving the ability to consume a library to perform any action against our full api. Again, this workflow is much preferred to any developer over being mandated to consume a single client library that provides functionality to interact with an entire api surface are.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These more specialized swagger definitions (similar to the `datasourcesd`, `mapsd`, and `managed-functions` definitions), will allow the creation of granular libraries. The creation of more granular client libraries will allow developers to avoid bloat in their applications while still preserving the ability to consume a library to perform any action against our full API. Again, this modular workflow is preferred and benefits developers by not mandating that they consume a single client library that supports the entire API surface area.
```

> As the "InfluxDB API" evolves and eventually gets versioned, we can continue to provide complete api definition[s] in [`ref`](./contracts/ref/), while allowing each sub service (write, query, tasks, etc...) to evolve on its own.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As the "InfluxDB API" evolves and eventually gets versioned, we can continue to provide complete API definitions in [`ref`](./contracts/ref/), while allowing each sub-service (write, query, tasks, etc.) to evolve on its own.
```

#### Example (consumer):

> If I were producing a golang client library for other consumers for the mapsd service, I could do something like the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If I were producing a golang client library for other consumers to use the mapsd service, I could do something like the following:
```
